Recently on instagram I got random girls following me. In the begin I thought 'am I that attractive?', it turns out I m not of course. These random 'girls' instagram accounts are realistic AF, thousands of followers, photos with face on (although not many) and even stories. 
However, they always initiate the chat and usually it goes like: 
(there will be pictures of the chats but they are in chinese-traditional)

" Hey, would you mind to be friends, I saw your name on my recommended list/we were following the same page. So I followed you. "

after your reply of whatever nonsense, they start talking about: 

" Let's introduce ourselves to each other, my name is XXX "

" Are you currently studying?  "

Then, the common factor reveals: 

" Are you working on any part-time jobs? "

If your reply shows somewhat an interest on looking for a part-time job, 
their phone or instagram usually got some issues at that instance and they will be like:

' oh sorry, my instagram chat is somehow not working, there is no notifications for some reasons. '
' do you have what's app? '
' may I have your number please? ' 

In here, we all know giving out our phone number to someone that you are not familised with/chatted for only a few seconds is one of the dumbest thing to do on Earth, just a little bit better then drinking bleach. 

So I guess, why don't I do this? Being dumb is fun. 

I googled fake Honk Kong +852 number for sms in order to get fake what's app number and sms verification. 
also downloaded virtualbox and android ISO for a new what's app app and environment. 
Time to do some reverse hacking. 

I also googled about instagram asking for phone number scam, results show they actual do exist, after obtained your number they send you sms. 
ok, phishing again, or even that sms already charged you, of course there are many other forms of scams and abuses of your phone number, like using ur number to do massive instagram account following (Although I have no idea how this works, just an example)

My plan was to: 
1. get a fake what's app number
2. VPN and virtualbox are basics
3. give her (or him, it???) the fake sms number
4. to see what happens with this. 

DUN DO THAT AT HOME BRUH. 

I fucked up virtualbox android for some reasons, ok let's go back to bluestacks.

LOL, I can't even install that. 

OK, go signal with fake numbers.

Those numbers are not responding at all. I have to end this here. 

